Add py-spy installation and usage instructions (#9)
IBM/jupyter-tools: docs/stress-test.md

This document gives an overview of the [hub-stress-test script](../scripts/hub-stress-test.py)
and how it can be used.

1. [Setup](#setup)
1. [Scaling up](#scaling-up)
   1. [Placeholders and user nodes](#placeholders)
   1. [Steady state testing](#steady-state)

> 1. [Scaling down](#scaling-down)

Reviewer: I screwed this up in the merge to resolve the conflict on `Activity update testing`, will fix.

This document gives an overview of the [hub-stress-test script](../scripts/hub-stress-test.py)
and how it can be used.

> 1. [Setup](#setup)

Reviewer: I was thinking we should do this but you beat me to it. 😃

  memory usage remains high even after the purge starts because the hub aggressively caches DB state in
  memory and is apparently not cleaning up the cache references even after spawners and users are deleted
  from the database.

<a name="profiling"></a>

> ## Profiling

Reviewer: What do you think about splitting this out into its own doc, i.e. docs/profiling.md? It works in here as well, but profiling is something that could be useful in normal usage of the hub rather than just a stress test scale up / steady state run as well.

Author: I like that idea. I'll get it moved.

> During the stress test `py-spy` can be used to capture profiling data. It will generate SVGs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During stress testing, or even normal operations, [py-spy](https://github.com/benfred/py-spy) can be used to capture profiling data. It will generate SVGs
```

	jovyan@hub-69f94ddc84-g26qj:/$ py-spy dump -p 1 --locals
	Process 1: /usr/bin/python3 /usr/local/bin/jupyterhub --config /etc/jupyterhub/jupyterhub_config.py --upgrade-db
	Python v3.6.9 (/usr/bin/python3.6)

	Thread 1 (idle): "MainThread"
		select (selectors.py:445)
			Arguments::
				self: <EpollSelector at 0x7f79ac4ab898>
				timeout: 0.998
			Locals::
				max_ev: 3
				ready: []
		_run_once (asyncio/base_events.py:1415)
			Arguments::
				self: <_UnixSelectorEventLoop at 0x7f79ac4ab7b8>
			Locals::
				sched_count: 45
				timeout: 0.9979082886129618
				when: 5094106.57817052
		run_forever (asyncio/base_events.py:438)
			Arguments::
				self: <_UnixSelectorEventLoop at 0x7f79ac4ab7b8>
			Locals::
				old_agen_hooks: (None, None)
		start (tornado/platform/asyncio.py:149)
			Arguments::
				self: <AsyncIOMainLoop at 0x7f79ac447be0>
			Locals::
				old_loop: <_UnixSelectorEventLoop at 0x7f79ac4ab7b8>
		launch_instance (jupyterhub/app.py:2782)
			Arguments::
				cls: <MetaHasTraits at 0x30ee728>
				argv: None
			Locals::
				self: <JupyterHub at 0x7f79b12b7358>
				loop: <AsyncIOMainLoop at 0x7f79ac447be0>
				task: <_asyncio.Task at 0x7f79abd788c8>
		<module> (jupyterhub:11)

> 	```

Reviewer: Should we have a `### Troubleshooting` section as well about anything you hit while figuring out how to use py-spy? The thing that comes to mind is when you'd get a random pause which I thought was related to this https://github.com/benfred/py-spy#how-can-i-avoid-pausing-the-python-program but I'm not sure.

Author: I was never able to track down why the process wouldn't resume sometimes. I'm pretty sure passing `--nonblocking` would prevent that but when I tried it that way the sampling error rate went way up.
